The idiot bastard son
The father's a Nazi in congress today.
The mother's a hooker somewhere in LA.
Can you imagine the window all covered in green?

Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) provides scalable computing capacity in the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud. 
Using Amazon EC2 eliminates your need to invest in hardware up front, so you can develop and deploy applications faster. 
You can use Amazon EC2 to launch as many or as few virtual servers as you need, configure security and networking, and manage storage. 
Amazon EC2 enables you to scale up or down to handle changes in requirements or spikes in popularity, reducing your need to forecast traffic.

Since the beginning of the work's publication, it has gained infamy for its bad writing, plot inconsistency, and disregard for the Harry Potter source material. 
Often regarded as among the worst fan fiction written, My Immortal is felt to be a detriment to those attempting to bring legitimacy to fan fiction. 
Despite this, the series has also inspired multiple derivative works, including a YouTube web series, and is viewed with nostalgia for adolescent fan life.
The author's identity has never been confirmed and has been deemed by many as "unsolvable". 
The author published the story under the username "XXXbloodyrists666XXX" and self-identified as Tara Gilesbie. 
In September 2017, someone claiming to be the author updated a FictionPress account stating that she had created an active Tumblr account under her real name; an effort to locate this Tumblr account resulted in the account of young adult novelist Rose Christo. 
She has since stated that she was one of two co-authors of My Immortal, and had provided evidence of her authorship to Macmillan Publishers, but controversy that same month over factual errors in her then-forthcoming memoirs has led to doubt as to her authorship.
The story has been speculated to be a hoax designed to either troll readers or to satirize fan fiction, but the work and the alleged online presence of the author has also been described as too elaborate and too time-consuming to fake effectively. 
In September 2017, Christo stated that My Immortal is a work of satire, though any evidence of this is tied to her own claims of authorship.